update template and move a few obviously outdated ADRs (#2544)
SAP/cloud-sdk-js: knowledge-base/adr/outdated/0002-cli-scaffold.md

> status **outdated** The CLI is deprecated and not continued

Reviewer: ```suggestion
status **outdated** The CLI is deprecated. Use the [sample projects](https://github.com/SAP-samples/cloud-sdk-js) instead.
```
[req] I think this is technically replaced by the samples...
